Implicitly upgrade federation version to the max required by any used directive (#2929)
apollographql/federation: .changeset/forty-dolls-type.md

---
"@apollo/composition": minor
"@apollo/federation-internals": minor
---

> When a linked directive requires a federation version higher than the linked federation spec, upgrade with a hint

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When a linked directive requires a federation version higher than the linked federation spec, upgrade to the implied version and issue a hint
```
